List required polyfills (#854)
inrupt/solid-client-authn-js: packages/browser/README.md

`solid-client-authn-browser` is a library designed to authenticate web apps (in the browser) with Solid identity servers.
The main documentation is at the [root of the repository](../../README.md).

## Required polyfills

Our JavaScript Client Libraries use relatively modern JavaScript features that

> will work in all commonly-used browsers, except Internet Explorer. However, one of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will work in all commonly used browsers, except Internet Explorer. However, one of
```

> the library we currently use expects some Node.js modules to be present, which must

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the libraries we currently use expects some Node.js modules to be present, which must
```

> be polyfilled by the bundler. Here is a list of the modules to polyfill:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be polyfilled by the bundler. Here is the list of modules that need to be polyfilled:
```

- `crypto`
- `stream`
- `util`
- `buffer`

> Prior version 5, Webpack polyfilled these by default, but that is no longer the case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior to Webpack version 5 these modules were polyfilled by default, but that is no longer the case.
```

> See [our webpack configuration](./webpack.common.js) for packages that can provide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [our Webpack configuration](./webpack.common.js) for packages that can provide
```

> See [our Webpack configuration](./webpack.common.js) for packages that can provide

Reviewer 2: Heads-up: maybe prefer the full link to GitHub here, since this readme will also be visible on other domains like npmjs.com.
